Sc docs (#356)
massalabs/docs: docs/build/smart-contract/basic-concepts/serializable.mdx

The example below demonstrates a User class that implements the Serializable interface. This class includes properties for the user's name and age, along with methods to serialize and deserialize User objects for storage and retrieval.

```ts
// users.ts
import { Args, stringToBytes, Result, Serializable } from '@massalabs/as-types';
import { Storage } from '@massalabs/massa-as-sdk';

export class User implements Serializable {
  constructor(public name: string = '', public age: u8 = 0) {}

  // Serialize user data to bytes for storage
  serialize(): StaticArray<u8> {
    return new Args().add(this.name).add(this.age).serialize();
  }

  // Deserialize user data from bytes
  deserialize(data: StaticArray<u8>, offset: i32): Result<i32> {
    const args = new Args(data, offset);
    this.name = args.nextString().expect("Can't deserialize name.");
    this.age = args.nextU8().expect("Can't deserialize age.");
    return new Result(args.offset);
  }
}
```

### Explanation of the User Class
1. Constructor:

    - The constructor initializes User instances with a name and an age. - Default values are provided to allow for easy instantiation.

2. serialize Method:

>     - This method uses Args to convert the name and age properties into a byte array. It returns a serialized representation of the User object, which can then be stored in the contract's storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This method uses `Args` to convert the `name` and `age` properties into a byte array. It returns a serialized representation of the User object, which can then be stored in the contract's storage.
```

3. deserialize Method:

>     - The deserialize method takes in a byte array and an offset, reconstructing the User object by extracting the name and age values. This enables the User instance to be rehydrated from storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The deserialize method takes in a byte array and an offset, reconstructing the User object by extracting the name and age values. This allows the User instance to be reconstructed from storage.
```
